hello again
it's me
um
so i decided to make a video about
the two dragon strikes that i just made
um i was really hesitant on making these
because
i wanted to see
uh how fast they could go because i
figured
um the haste procs from the dragon
strikes plus when or plus wind fury plus
mongoose
uh and i also have dst
uh
would probably be pretty good i guess
but i
from google searches i couldn't find
anything so i may as well um i had the
opportunity to do it so i may as well
just do it and put it on the internet so
it gets left there forever in case in
case uh
anybody
was curious
so i'm just gonna be going around
killing mobs
and we are going to be paying attention
paying attention to the attack speed
and that's it
that's all it is
nothing nothing nothing special
uh so i do have all my pve gear on right
now
um yeah it's keyboard
t5 uh
really nothing special at all
the main thing is i do have dragon spine
trophy and
this totem
and both of these are kind of hard to
get i guess
this one
i actually won in a pug on a 38 roll
which was pretty crazy
uh and then i afterwards i heard that
people are paying like
30 000 gold
for one of these
so i guess i got really lucky
at the time i guess
so i'm hoping that
uh
the haste proximal will proc mongoose
will proc
plus flurry plus dst
and i'm gonna see how how fast i can go
or how fast it can get
so 1.72 right now
obviously i guess with the bloodlust
it'd be even faster but we're not going
to do any of that today
i guess i should go
in like a raid or a
heroic dungeon
but i've been having really bad luck
with
heroic dungeons and like
getting tanks that you know like they're
they're not they're kind of freshly
geared they can't seem to hold aggro and
i'm wiping more than
if i were to be like in a raid
and end up spending more time in a
dungeon
so i'm not trying to do
so the fastest or yeah the fastest
attack speed i've seen so far is 1.72
1.69
[Music]
dude
um
[Music]
uh
hmm
1.52
nice
i think that's the fastest i've seen yet
i'll have to go back and see what
exactly proc
i was using
uh double dragon strikes in pvp like
every day just filming and i seem to be
doing
pretty good
uh it just
doesn't feel like
don't know it doesn't feel as exciting
because the the numbers are not as big
but you're always doing damage
that's good
whereas with the two-hander you kind of
have to wait
1.55
[Music]
um
1.55
all right i'm gonna do this for a couple
more minutes and then i think i think
we'll have enough
of a guesstimate of how fast
this would actually work
1.5
[Music]
[Applause]
um
[Music]
so
i guess
kill this one last guy and then i think
i'll be done
so the fastest i saw was 1.52
and it wasn't quite uncommon to get
there so i think i'm going to be like
a big
or you know a big raid boss or you know
whatever it might be effective i don't
know
there's just something something silly i
decided to try out
all right that is it
so there we have it
double dragon strikes
i guess i'll let uh let everybody decide
if they're they're worth the 1000 gold
each or whatever it may be or not
because i think that's what i spent on
it it would cost me about a thousand
gold to make one and then the
the mongoose enchantment or the
materials for the enchantments were like
i think four or 500 gold each something
like that so anyways that's it
[Music]